Add celo-reth (#144)
celo-org/celo-kona: CLAUDE.md

# CLAUDE.md

## Project Overview

This repo contains two things built on a shared Celo EVM:

> 1. **celo-reth** — a full Celo L2 execution node, extending [op-reth](https://github.com/paradigmxyz/reth) (the OP Stack reth node) with Celo-specific pool, payload, and RPC logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **celo-reth** — a full Celo L2 execution node, extending [op-reth](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/tree/develop/rust/op-reth) (the OP Stack reth node) with Celo-specific pool, payload, and RPC logic.
```

> 2. **kona crates** — Celo extensions to [Kona](https://github.com/op-rs/kona) (the OP Stack ZK/fault proof client), used by Celo's [op-succinct fork](https://github.com/celo-org/op-succinct/) for ZK fault proofs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **kona crates** — Celo extensions to [Kona](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/tree/develop/rust/kona) (the OP Stack ZK/fault proof client), used by Celo's [op-succinct fork](https://github.com/celo-org/op-succinct/) for ZK fault proofs.
```
